I'm going to close the sidebar system, and what's the view?
The sidebar on the list.
So, this is a schedule, a fixed part of it allows you to do any other things that the
say WBS that could have noticed in, like, um, showing him that I saw you in one of these,
but I thought it would allow you to take hope. And then you can also see him.
Oh, private, private, do you mind, um, showing the sidebar? So for procurement, you guys
Okay, and the way you need next is to schedule. So just pressing that pops up when you go
to schedule. Yes. So when you go to schedule, this is what pops up. Yes, this is the pressing
Okay so did this pull in all the packages from the IDOC delivery section?
Yes, I mean if you could put down some of these in the audiobook and uh...
So he's falling down or scrolling up?
Uh, scrolling down.
What does it feel like he's falling in?
So like with package one, like 1.0, and then it has like 1.1, 1.3, 1.7, because it break
down.
Also like the second with package node, which it's opening, it's.
Okay.
Is there a reason why this view is also, I think, the number of times I've had for a
table view.
like this is not working for somebody going to put in their dates and they're going to click on
which one open it up full and then print the information for it is that do you walk me through
how you protect the schedule please okay so kind of like close the side but
So if there is no date, it allows you just a key where you can see the time dates, where you can at the date.
Meaning if it's not linked to the database, it will kind of show you.
So, try to explain the data with the code script, so you think most of them did and then most of them didn't do.
So, when you came together for the first time, it also showed all the current epics and features within those epics?
This is not free and time for those, but what did this time come from?
So you went in and clicked on each one and changed the date?
Yes.
So, when you do the WBF, there's no aspect to it like you, but I did the dates and the
time now.
So, welcome to your picture, so you can just show it to you, and I'll come to you.
Can you hear him because I can't see him too long.
He was cutting back.
Not all packages, so this page was still being worked on, and there are still also some other actors that are still being pushed on it.
Did you get me?
So you were breaking out, but I think I had to say you
You added dates to some but not some but I'm wondering which one did you add the dates to?
So just the best ones because the page was to be worked on
if you
So that this you added was that effective
Comment through each each card. So let me guess you you go through it and then you hit edit or you double click on it
To add the date and duration
Yes
And I work for you
Yes, so like they were being like added
Just to be down
The only thing that I couldn't get to see in the officiate was the gun shop to make sure that now these are populated in the gun shop.
Thank you.
I think this still has some bugs but it's showing the same, if you can see this is the one that's repeating itself.
yes and so the actual bug that was there was that whenever I'm changing
something on the section and then I put it here it wouldn't check if the stuff
is already existing and so I can put the same content into the like schedule you
know over I mean I actually could put it to like same content over and over and
over until we had fixed it back and so now this happened because like we had put the
same content over and over and over so it has the same name same name the same name
so like that's that's actually part of what the fix is meant to cure so that when you're
- I'm trying to-- - Can I just hit you?
- Okay, let me see.
Okay, so the list view needs to be the default, and the same comments I have with the other
table.
I mean, it's a lot of space, but I'm sure you can see them.
Right?
So it has a spacing, and it has to be editable here, where they can put in the duration,
they can put in the start date, and the end date here, without having to click edit.
At least the first round, this has to be very user friendly.
now from I guess that's it from that cloud view, it didn't look user friendly, but with
this list view it looks a bit more user friendly, but it does have to have the ability to mask
or date. A way of creating a schedule, you could you have 10 line items, you could have 50, you
could have 200. Nobody's going to be able to go double click, open air date, then put in and then
some things are connected to others right like the start to finish the the the linkage of this one
item to that one item so it's sometimes it helps where you can actually see everything in one go
or most of the things in one go and you can put in the information and and if something is linked
to something else you should be able to maybe drag and drop it there or something to that effect so
So, you know, okay, that's the clearance.
And this is gonna have to,
this cannot be done before this one is done.
So, the schedule needs some more.
The downcharge view is, of course, the most important.
When you're gonna view the schedule,
not after you built it, right?
So, this view has to be the person that,
and it has to be able to be a detailed mask,
where as you go down the line,
You are seeing everything, you are presenting the dates,
you are comparing the dates,
and you're able to just walk very freely.
The way it is now, it's almost like you expect somebody
to come and double click into each of this or go to edit
to then edit your own things.
When you're building a schedule, you have to,
especially in the beginning part,
you have to be able to mass provide information,
put in the dates or whatever it is and adjust things
as you go see what is related to the other,
maybe drag some stuff across or on top like say okay this one is gonna be this
this is right after this happen after this this is all under the design that is
under that contract so it has to be user friendly where they can easily navigate
and create an actual schedule right now it does not look like that ability is
there
Did you get that chump? Yes, yes, yes. Thanks a lot. I'm going to try to drop down the chump.
So, the builder is where he had the card view, but the builder should have the list to him.
So, that is where you actually build the theorem, and you should have the ability to move things
and tie them to what is valid.
So if you go back to the card view, I think you had a start to finish and the relationships
and stuff like that, that needs to be something that is available in the field and that should
be in this view.
So you should be able to open it big and see quite a few line items at the same time, and
also need to reflect, tie, whatever.
So I will leave it up to you on how you want to reflect what is tied towards.
So either they can drag and drop it or they can send link to this parent issue and maybe
be able to search for the issue and add it to that.
So but it has to be fluid where if somebody is walking on a schedule, they're able to
see everything they need to see and just easily move forward to the other.
They won't finish this save, then go hit edit, open another card, put information, hit save,
Oh, we're trying to get the tattoo, but every time you scroll up and down, up and down, you will go, man.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So, some of the scheduled items that are not yet assigned to a cost, it would also try
to, like, try to place there where it says $4.20 to cost estimate.
Okay, so why you say scheduled items are not assigned to a cost?
That is not accurate.
You clear the schedule before you clear the cost.
So, at this point, I mean, yes, you can have an idea of what's possible.
So you see this view, this is the VBS package view, so this is on the computer, right?
So this is where you can apply the, this is the VBS, I don't know if you're trying to
say the schedule items that are not on the top VBS, but there shouldn't be any schedule
item, not on every item that the VBS should be tied to a schedule.
So this has to be continuous where they shouldn't be tagged up, but say if somebody say add
item and they might add something to the schedule like oh they just add this
milestone right so they say let's add a milestone then it needs to be clear on
which the video is a milestone type stuff like that but you can have
milestones the schedule right now all these work packages have the requirements
that they're tied to, the code and content they're tied to,
and what milestones those topics or goals we are tied to.
So those milestones are gonna guide kind of the schedule
on as they're putting information on something
related to what, there should be an inbuilt
at the code level, like code red if the schedule item
is going past the milestone that identifies for us.
that way it is clear that hey, we've put this in the schedule, we have since started this and that
milestone that this is to feed is supposed to have been two months before or a week before.
So that way they can make informed decisions on how they are building the schedule. But
Build your schedule takes time usually and requires fluid movements and stuff so it needs to be
it needs to be a process where it's going to be easy for them to actually build in the building.
So those muscles have to be clear, um, on the schedule in the, for the, for the grand
chat as well.
there has to be some level of color coding, it doesn't have to be, you don't, the buyers
have to have a certain level of color coding that's associated with being children.
So and I'm not, there's nothing, I don't have any specific colors in my like color coding
idea in my mind, but the third process is, there has to be a way to tell the difference
between like the difference, right, so maybe for EP-1 you have a certain color code, EP-2, EP-3,
come up with a structure to everything that fits
goal one might all be this specific color, anything that fits goal two, goal three,
and then within them, that is going to make it easy to like catch things, like say oh wait isn't
that goal one, right, so everything is just yellow, it's not going to be very easy to move things
So the promise is to make it usable and effective for those that are actually using it.
Okay, so I got from a schedule perspective and what I saw last time, this is a bit different
from that.
So, it sounds like they're still working on this page, but I would really like to see
the schedule actually functional, reflecting the WBS, reflecting the word you call it.
They have to, depending on how the WPS is broken down, so it needs to reflect out.
I mean, this is agile, so you'll probably go straight, straight forward.
But if you were broken down by area or whatever it is, you cannot see the schedule associated
with each one.
The gank gen view also has to be rolled, like you can roll it up where you can see it at
The very detailed level that if you click on, this is B6, no, 86, 87, 88, 89, but it's
all at the same time, but it was go one and you sit down and go one and you just sit and
go one, go one, go two, go three.
On the schedule you can kind of see where all those things go.
If you put them and minimize it, you can just see where go one, go two, and go three.
how gone there is right. If you so everything has to time and then also for the contract and
procurement I think they already have like a tracking and what's associated with those ones
but those need to be tied in with the schedule of course so the WVAS is that are impacting the
contract procurement which we're able to see okay the contract we're going to talk about where the
contract dashboard that shows okay this is everything that we can contract and this is where
they are. Those of the BPS's have to then be linked through to the schedule. So that way the
schedule will be the one source of truth of where everything is. Anything that is now keeping the
procurement or the contract tracking will be from the schedule because the schedule is what's going
to be in the project controls where you then map the schedule to the cost and so the schedule is
He's going to show you what the project really is.
Get a list of what is being done.
The schedule is going to be what you drive the cost,
like the starting point for the cost,
and are there any additional costs?
And the project controls is literally gonna be the schedule items, besides the cost items,
and then tracking the actual, um, um, plan.
That's the project controls is gonna be telling you, okay, you said it was gonna take one
week to get this, this work done for two weeks, but we are at two weeks and you spent one
dollar and we're not done.
So it's gonna give you like that update of, okay, for this work, this is what it was supposed
be this is what it what it is right right right right now this is the very last and that way
you kind of know where to focus and to get things going.
I'm just seeing this integration button is it a new case?
(keyboard clicking)
Yes, I think this pit has been there for about a week or two.
It just amalgamates all the information, but I guess the issue is just looking at what
to place it.
Maybe it would be better placed inside.
I think maybe Chin can advise.
So, I think this dashboard is kind of what I talked to.
I think Anthony, was it Anthony?
Yes.
So, I think this dashboard is kind of what I talked to. I think Anthony. Was it Anthony
or Michael? Yes, yes, yes. Who was Michael? Yeah. Yeah. So, because overall, so this was
like, I think in June or July, but overall, what was being focused on with the dashboard
was the program dashboard and the portfolio dashboard. But every project needs to have
its own dashboard that has this key information. That's the information that will then feed the
program dashboard and the portfolio dashboard. Does that make sense? So I think this is going
to work. He came up to it or I don't know if it was you that did this show. But the third process was
this would be like the main dashboard for that each product will have its own product dashboard
that gives you its own updates. The one is the program that's where that program gets all the
information that most of the information that feeds the program and the portfolio it just takes
it from the programs. So that's what I believe this is um this is in the planning phase and yes
I'm saying this for the first time too, today.
I didn't see it through yesterday.
The third process here is 'cause in planning,
you might still have some work that is moving forward.
So the dashboard, I mean, there's no information
that will not have anything from everything,
it will be zero, like in progress, whatever it is.
But when information starts becoming available,
and it starts showing up here, all right.
So in planning, I would say that from the usability
perspective, that should not be between the cost of schedule.
After the schedule, you need to go to cost.
So it's definitely in the wrong place there.
I feel like maybe the guide work can go towards the bottom.
And all of this is filled out, because in this case,
where we are trying to build out what the work is going to be,
so there really shouldn't be anything for anybody
to be viewed right now.
But yes, this is supposedly so good with the project
because the way our current system is,
you have your personal dash, dash, dash.
Well, that's where you run.
So your personal dash will show you your projects,
your program to portfolio,
shows you that it works,
that you're pending and stuff like that.
And gives you some information.
So, but then you see your project.
So when you click on project,
you just click on the project and that's it.
takes you to the project. When you click on program then you go to the program dashboard
so it shows you all the programs and then all the information for the programs but for the
descent it shows you all the information so it's just projects that brings you directly into the
project. So the third process is I think this dashboard actually needs to be very accessible.
right now I'm not seeing that product activities list but the dashboard itself and the activities
list need to be almost in the top right we need to have the product activity did you remove that
from there or what's going on not necessarily like let me look at it so for example on a page like
let me look at the page like this so it shows us like this so so like this is the first level
where it shows you always assigned to something and then when you click on it it shows you advance
view okay again this guard view i've talked about this so many times you cannot have a card view
that has to be a table view but we talked about that i believe like two months ago for the
the activities log.
So I know you're working on a few things.
If you can just take that comment and implement it,
the card view is not what it is.
I mean, some people might wanna see a card view
and search and find what they're looking for.
But also when you have that listable view,
they're able to see way more information, scroll right,
and see everything associated with that thing in one glance.
So the product activities log is something that needs to be
There, so when you have the outstanding task, is this outstanding task for the person or
for their discipline or for their role, right?
So I don't mind this, it's just, I think the dashboard and the activity log needs to
be easily accessible anywhere you are on the site, so that way, but in this planning section,
I do believe that if there's anything that they need to update in the activity log, they
can do that if there's any options that they need to implement they can do that in this planning
phase but the dashboard needs to be readily available so that way if you come in you can
just see okay this is where we are recording kind of got a status of update on how far things are
going on the project what what the developers are pending and stuff like that what is late what what
risks have not been toyed and stuff like that. So that dashboard needs to be readily accessible
once you get on into the project. You can tell that we program on portfolio but the
project on is the one that I believe Michael and I were discussing that it has had an easily
accessible dashboard for rate and that's what will feed the program on portfolio as well.
Because right now in program and portfolio I do not know how they are getting the information.
And I think you guys were grabbing it
from the different sections.
But make sense that something is rolling up, rolling up,
rolling in, right?
So at the particular level, you have this dashboard.
And that information from it as well
feeds the program and then the portfolio.
>> Okay, so I think those are my key comments.
Was there anything else?
Like, because I feel like this schedule needs to be --
I don't know if we can't talk about it first,
if the schedule is not done.
Right now, the schedule doesn't really reflect the schedule.
To some extent, like, the least viewed does,
but it does not sound like --
and for work, like I said,
it's great that the WBL did pull in here.
Now, the milestones pull in there, right?
So did he show those milestones that he selected?
Is there anything tied to those milestones?
There's those epics that we linked to milestones.
Are we showing here that, hey, this are the dates for it.
So those dates at a good level should also show here.
But it should also kind of give that information
of, okay, this is, these are the key things.
If you said, oh, we need this contract, this certain date,
the work packages that are associated with that contract
to have that date as a date as the back end for it but this has to be fully tied in together. This
is not just going to be a new this thing where I mean it is good that it's already coding the
packages um the work packages but the most important thing is you need to reflect the dates
that have been committed to so if we put any mouse on dates you know due by dates whatever it is
anywhere on the side. At the core level we shoot all those to reflect on the schedule
and then you can start moving things around and stuff like that.
And there should be that that that error or warning sign that shows if you said this this
is going to be due on June 1st and when you're putting it in full what is linked to it and
The Latin is coming on June 8th.
There should be some kind of name, like, hey,
these days don't match.
And then people have to discuss and override a date.
And also, that should be tracked, where, okay,
these are all the decisions being made,
and these are things that are removed.
So that way, people know why dates are out there.
Uh, did you get that deal with the down? The same. Excuse me, things like, um, yes,
one question questions because it's you.
Yes, actually.
I'm sorry. Did he say he had the question? He's he said
got it. I got the answer. I wasn't sure what the answer was for. No, I followed. All right, cool.
So was there anything else for today? Because I don't think, I think we are at an end where
this has to be fully implemented. And I think the, the, the, the content and the
procurement pages need to be updated. I think we need to measure that information
because we've kind of gone through some of these sections. We've talked about what they need to be.
I know you said that you've been making some of those changes, and I know in the interest of time,
we are kind of getting through so we can get through everything, but that continuity is very
important. So I need you to confirm, you know, that at least the milestones, the linkage, and all of
that have made it to the schedule. So we do have to go through the schedule again to confirm that.
So once you got made the update and your idea and internal review, the thought process would
be to ensure that that continuity is there. So again, you have the wall breakdown structure,
you have, and we went to the go safety school option, but I am repeating this again, so we're
very clear. If you scroll all the way up on the sidebar, sorry. So the cyber planning, sorry,
come back to the planning phase. The planning phase we had to protect these details. We
had to work with them so they went to the goals and milestones. So we came into the goals and
milestones. So we went to the goals and milestones. The thought process was to tie the goals to every
milestones, the deep milestones for the goals. Can you scroll down please on the
milestone section. So the third process was anything that was that had like a specific
milestone and it's not so we first of all had the milestones that were then identified in the FEP
but have been started by this get this license by days start start off the invitation stream by
by by this get the delivery um delivery API into into whatever date so you have like those days
that it could has two milestones. The FEP-1 pull down here, it does this change itself,
you kind of implement that. Now you have mapped those milestones to the work breakdown structure,
so the VBS elements of, okay, this one has to be done here. This is where you do that mapping.
Once you've mapped those milestones, you know when you need to get stuck down.
So this needs to be understood, it needs to be reflected on the schedule, because those
work with our structure and go to the different levels say if it was in relations now like this
in that stuff again maybe together line this particular one has to stick to that mouse
mouse stone because it's going to be the person purchasing it but this one is just for somebody
to go and dig the ground and they can dig the ground anytime you want right before it gets there
so that one might not be tied to that mouse stone so it's on the sudden there are activities that
that are related and unlocked.
And that's where the schedule is gonna help flush out.
So the reason I'm saying this is,
this has to be reflected on the schedule.
That schedule has to start off with like,
you have to have kind of a timeline.
And with the schedule right now,
I see it just shows like, I think two weeks or two months.
I don't know what it is.
But the schedule has to be big enough
where it can show like months, right?
And then of course, if you wanna zoom in
to like one month, you can do that.
But when you have time in your schedule,
you have to be able to see the schedule.
could be quarterly, it could be weekly, it could be monthly, right, where you can kind of change
that view where if you want to just, if the product is going to be a 16 month project, you want to
be able to zoom out where you can see in 16 months, this is kind of what it will look like. But of
course, as you're building each element, you want to be closer, so it could be, oh, this week, this month,
this quarter, this year, right? So that, so I think that the key thing that it has to be usable
overall. So now you've done the goals I'm asking, can you please click on the requirements?
Now for the requirements, you've kind of looked at the requirements and like confirming all the
all the requirements that are required to actually get the work done so you can import it or export
it. I know you guys were still working on the template and all of that actually if that's
finalized because we've talked about it a few times but so confirm that that's also
functional right so you have requirements awarded in parts um can you scroll right on the
front but i don't know if you ended up tying the requirements to the the previous elements here
i see something we just see for design planning things go to the right are you able to scroll to
the right all right so requirements so it's coming we're coming link so this just and the phase so
So this just talk about the trades.
It doesn't talk about the WBS element
that the requirement is tied to.
But that's okay because in design planning,
it does talk about not the requirements to do.
So we didn't tie the requirements to any WBS element.
Can you go back left?
The requirements, comments, person, rule, discipline, time.
- Oh, okay.
So...
Yeah, so the requirements were supposed to be tied to the WBS elements at the second
level. So you must write again. So do you remember tying this to any WBS element? I
know we were spending a lot of time trying to do the upload and download so we didn't
quite get into this. No. So actually thinking about right now. So I think the thing that
We're tied to the W should be the it should be the most of the goals of most of the requirements. No
what's been on the phone. I think we can't I think we can't act because the
chatter was approved or something because oh it's oh so I'm pressing yeah
(speaking in foreign language)
- Yeah, so the requirements,
I'm not sure how that's a little bit,
but the requirements is supposed to be tied to a WBS element,
so the second level of the WBS.
So it's not triggering the problem, I have to check, what's going on.
Because they manually added some of the requirements they put from the FAP.
So Chumu, can you scroll left on the sidebar?
On the sidebar?
yes I know we are in the station I want to sit down in all right so we have
requirements so if you didn't mark the requirements to the biggest we mark the
goals and the milestones so we're supposed to mark them to the requirements
but I think in the requirements session we spent all the time talking about
important that is the only thing I remember about this conversation was
The requirements are supposed to be mapped to those back to the second level with the WPS.
That's why it's actually like right beside the WPS was to make sure that
the requirements like what do they apply to? Like what are they going to impact on the project?
So I think we might need to either ditch one of the columns or to restrict the goal or to,
because I feel like there's already a lot of columns. And we still, can you explain,
can you hit that screen? I see the expander from there. I was going to say we still can expand,
but I see the expander from there. So I'm going to hit that. But it doesn't fill the screen,
do you see that? Can you do this? Because we still can't. Yes. So when they expand,
because fill up the screen with it. It's basically the whole screen with it.
Okay, all right and then so we go through the requirement discipline, the type that's needed.
The discipline is required. The rule, the person, the phase. What phase requirement applies to the
that. The source, okay, maybe we can get more comments on the source link that is required.
Now the person, who is responsible, the rules, and then the discipline. So what is the thing
that this requirement impacts? Who should steal this requirement? So we might need to add a tile.
a column for the impact of what's called the B.S. name, right, the BBS element.
So what the impact of the BBS element, like it's not here for sure. So
I think that is one key thing that is needed for this requirement is to know which, so when I was
talking about the contract and procurement and I was saying the requirement also is tied to the WBS
so if it's this work packet then you know all the requirements associated with it and those
requirements of course have really been linked to the code and the standards in the design planning
section. So that step is missing here is the linkage of the requirements to the WBS technical level.
So it will be almost similar to mapping the milestones to the goals.
This way you are mapping the goals to the requirements.
It could be more than one goal, it could be all the goals.
See the entire project, you will see the entire project.
If it's just one of those goals, it will just say that goal.
and then be so good so let me please go left again because i'm surprised this is not her
so if i'm in type discipline so what is the place in parts we're all those on the project
the person who is actually going to be responsible for it
and then yeah we need wbs
I don't want to miss guide you and I don't want it to be lost, so I'm going to send an
email on your own because that's how you can tie the WBS to the--
to the requirements here. So when I was talking about point talking yesterday, I was like,
once you have those requirements, the WPSA, you know what requirements, fix it, and then
we think the requirements to the cause and standard. That's how everything stays combined
[BLANK_AUDIO]
[BLANK_AUDIO]
>> Hello?
[BLANK_AUDIO]
>> I'm here, I'm sending you the email.
>> Okay.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
>> Why wasn't Elliot Kipchoge's sub two hour marathon officially recognized by
world athletics?
First, he had 41 world class pacemakers split into six rotating groups,
Forming a human wall that blocked more than 85% of the wind, something you'd never see in a real marathon.
Second, a pace car drove in front of him, projecting a green laser line to mark the ideal racing path and maintain the perfect pace.
Third, a custom carbon-plated shoes far beyond the rules allowed, estimated to save over 5% of his energy.
(background noise drowns out other sounds)
okay so i'm saying i just sent you the email you can really make sure that you understand
um but this this needs to be um this is missing
and i'm not sure how i missed the question but i do remember i was more obsessed with the
important on it. So functionality versus without.
So since it has an email with that I said two columns so the first column is going to be the
previous element so that first level it could be you know go 1 go 2 go 3 or go 2 and 3 or whatever
it is or it could be all if you can partner their projects. Then the second column beside
it's going to be like this sub goal. So say if it was a goal 2, it would be, so which of these
elements in goal 2 though, this requirement and estimate is it 2.1 or 2.4 or 2.1, 2.9 or 2.7.
So those can be highlighted. And the third process is to make sure that
that follows it all the way through to the final boss talk for it.
so did that make sense
i think it's clear on my side all right so so do you guys have any additional questions
or anything else i know we are almost an hour in and this has to be done before we move forward
just to make sure that that initial continuity already exists when we go to the cost
okay and so and so actually implement and then you can touch base on this second tomorrow
All right.
Thank you.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay.
