So together, just this area is not a high priority.
So we can move on.
I see a lot of things I'm just doing dives.
- We have two stakeholder management plans,
so it is never good.
Maybe I just kept on pressing next.
- Okay, so it says 12 to two stakeholders,
and this is from the initiation phase.
All right, so did you attach an interest matrix?
Can you go down?
So did you do anything here?
- So these stakeholders were actually identified
by themselves.
Just a moment.
Sorry, let me call you back. I'm in the meeting, sorry.
Hello. Sorry about that, actually.
Yeah, no problem.
That project manager is a program director.
What role is that?
Project manager or program director.
So it's like the same role,
but then it could be called different things.
But where does that show off?
I want to know where this golf pad,
because you said it was automatically paid, right?
Because I know that your goals are basically paid.
Yes, so all these came --
We have a project manager.
Well, where did this specific group also?
So it's in carried from preferred solution,
post-platformity, carried from preferred solution.
So I think these are the stakeholders
that were identified in the initiation phase.
Can you go to the initiation phase, please?
Let's not.
Let's go to the preferred solution and confirm.
But I don't think that's the case.
And I don't see any project manager there.
So I was thinking maybe to the project manager
from the rules and responsibilities.
We need to know where this is coming from, really.
You can't just pull out random stuff.
And then that current from sentence is just interesting.
- So this has been changed?
- Oh, no, but hold on.
It does have, so did it go and change information here?
- Here? - Yeah.
- Change information?
- So what did you say what was changed?
- Oh, like, no, what I mean that was changed is that,
I think the comment that was put yesterday
for comparing the solutions,
I think too many men did it. - Oh, okay, okay.
- Where they are being compared side by side.
All right, so I said the program manager and project manager.
So you did have that in there.
I don't remember seeing it when you showed that yesterday,
but then we didn't go through.
So you need to go back down.
- Oh, stay cool.
- Yeah, so IT operations, the financial budget office,
legal compliance department,
internal audit business management.
Okay, can you go back to the custody of voters?
And Tungo, my comment on those double dashes
and double hyphens still remains.
I know we talked about it a while ago.
- Okay, so that's where they're coming from.
these are the ones that actually coming from the, what do you call these, the ones that
have been identified, predicting more stuff. So, he put in the, I don't know how to say it.
So, another stakeholder management. So, another stakeholder management, he picked up all the
ones from the internal and it kind of is called down again, it is closed down. So, so I do have
to mention here is we need to have an actual name of the person, right? I know we like where we
did the initiation phase which is great at this school. So usually you would need like so I see
that we're all role title but it doesn't even contact you for information. So you write role title
and then organization contact information to any owner. My key comment here is I don't know what
I don't know what the owner is, but I think the owner is not the who is responsible.
What do you say?
Yeah, to communicate with us the person, I think that's it.
So if you can go back, because I don't want to add another line, but this is already
me.
I would say we need to change one of those, to be, we need to change it to be, to change
one of those to have the name, like the contact person.
So it's okay, like the stakeholder shows that the office, that's okay, I don't have a problem
with that.
So that's stakeholder, then organization, role or title, contact influence.
I feel like the organization should be like what is currently there and then the name
of the person needs to be there.
So I think that organization should either be name or organization.
And the reason I say this is name or firm.
The reason I'm saying it's better than I'm strong because some people might put stakeholder
and they might actually put the name in the initiation phase.
Does that make sense?
make sense so you know if you have to work with you look for something you
gotta tune with them and say tune good for this so when you come here and the
tecora says tune good that's his name then also you know you need to put
organizations at home right now being his organization so this still just looks
good but the only issue here is if there's no name we need a name so we need
I know this include it from the this day so that really doesn't tell you what the person
what the what the third year is yes so can you click into the internal security let me
see if you can make a change in it you can actually edit so I'm gonna so I'm gonna do
a few things for you for the race immediately we put a pop off they need to ensure to review
it for the for this decoder we need to put a pop-up that says review ensure that is decoders name
organization and title this is currently reflected so let's put the work on them to actually do it
okay so this is the team management shows all the identified members okay so in the interest
of time this is not a very high priority so kind of can you write this down for us to come back to
i want to move on to next because it's almost 40 minutes in and i do want to make sure we
we get to the cost of schedule safety so i also added this one so did i need to pull into the
safety from from from any section so only the security okay because of the the security
section of the initiation yes okay so all of these are cards right so is there a table view
for this security. I think this is the current default view. All right so I know we talked about it
because there could be way more items right so we do need a table view so they can view everything
in one and like make the screen because they're not always easy to read when there's so many of
them and this goes across for the whole share okay please take that out sure. Okay so um so
private so you put in like the safety security now I guess my key question now is did we add any
What are the cost aspects for these things?
Those are the internationals.
I'm trying to predict it.
Those are the internationals.
So only the population, the team members,
the risk level, the regulatory requirements,
and then the regulation strategy.
So there's a part of share that might require cost,
and our discussion was any cost-active association we share
needs to be kind of in here, right?
In terms of if you have the cost,
then that cost, the code has to tie that cost
back to the cost estimation plan.
session that has here and quality. So if you take that action look up for the simplest way
to do that. Something very basic like if you say PPE required just have a question on the cost for
that and they can look at what the thing that might cost. If it's something that needs to be bought
for the project, like does it need to be bought for the project or something because if not maybe
in my end up being another tab that says share cost like almost like you have cost by the DBS
maybe share cost and in that share cost the key aspect of safety security level environment
of regulatory you can have them on the table and say cost like items and then cost estimated cost
and the direction will be estimate cost or out out out out out out line specific items that require
the company to purchase additional items or services for this for safety security and health
environment and regulatory. Something in those lines and that way that is how we can put our
share costs into the cost estimate. So that's one thing that I was looking out for them.
The rest I will look at them because I think I'm just going all the way down. So it's probably
from what I'm saying is you added everything in the self-prosecutivity already built in for
And for security, you are able to indeed some of the things.
And then for security, we have physical, you know, and all those different security stuff.
So I think this is where the table will help, because I know it might be a lot.
Like scrolling down is not always as functional.
I think we should still retain the card view, but we should just have the table view, and the table view needs to be the default.
Are we good there?
default. Are we good there? This is the quality management. This will take some time. We have to
add things manually. So the quality plan was the quality narrative, the review currency,
then the expiration path. So the quality right now. So do you add everything? Yes, I added everything.
So do you mind scrolling back up to the beginning of playing according to quality?
so you got to quality so the notes come and still remains the same i know you said something this week
so i'm sure it's probably on your on your list to do but you see how this is what we're looking at
so we're in quality and we're looking at the notes and tracking the detection stage so that's next
so can you um call edero down so this is where the quality management plan so it says ai
generated was it really ai generated so this content that is a yes okay but we when you started
this product we didn't have ai no can you please take care of this so if you don't have ai or we
shouldn't have any ai generated anything but this apply this applies to your product so that means
ai is somehow on here so maybe it's uh it's it's fully maybe this information from somewhere
all the context but like shungu can explain because at some point then i has to say that
there's some indones intelligence at the point here yes so we try to implement this in terms of
also applying local models. So it also has local models that we applied in this case.
So that's why it may appear to have some AI on some segments. It's not fully implemented
because it needs many third-party services, but then it's able to also generate a bit of some
AI information, which is what you're seeing on the screen.
I don't like that. So when we, so if AI is off, I don't want to see AI generated and it's in,
like usually it was AI generated, like if we have AI generated and they can't say AI generated,
But for this, it shouldn't have the AI generated.
Just if we have AI turned off, because what's going to happen
is we are going to have the AI turned off,
and the options have the AI turned on and be used.
So yeah, I don't like this, and also it cannot be edited.
So Chumbu, can you make this-- can you
tie this function to AI being turned on and off?
And let me ask you, have you figured out
how we can turn on AI for the site and turn it off?
Even though we have the AI running,
have you figured out how we can turn it on and off for users?
- Yes.
- Okay, and then, and this is like users,
like they said, like you don't want to turn on AI,
then of course it will cost them more or whatever it is.
So, because they will have a certain number of AI usage,
so it's gonna be, they'll have like maybe one user
on each page so they can turn it on and off when they need.
Two, two is, I think we need to then tie things
so that AI, so when it's turned on,
this specific block can show and it can have that.
But when it's turned off, this does not show
because right now, I'm surprised to see AI
generated everything and I'm actually surprised
that it's not editable.
So with everyone that starts to be editable,
if something pops up, they should be able to edit it,
reject it, delete it.
We don't want them to be forced with anything
because we all know AI, AI does what it wants.
And by lessons learned, retrospective,
that is saying the same thing twice.
So that AI is saying the same thing two times.
So if that was my project, I want to delete it or delete it.
So I should be able to do that.
So can you please take that out of your trouble?
- Okay.
- All right, thank you.
So, okay, so now, so your quality management plan,
AI just for you that you didn't ask it for.
And then can you click on that AI assistant insights,
missing requirements, recommended activities,
suggested standards.
Okay, so this part I like that AI like for when AI is turned on, now from a pop-up perspective I think we want to give ideas of quality things to consider for quality.
So if you can maybe like look at what this one already has and for the pop-up say consider quality items such as requirements, KPIs, or whatever it is for quality, but I can give you words for that.
Some of these are not that giant, like defects and stuff that are reworked.
It's kind of what people would be tracking, depending on the scope, to be honest.
So can you go down?
So we are assuming a quality plan.
So quality plan depends on-- so however you typed out this one yourself, right?
So like everything from you going at the port or what type of--
OK, so you typed out the quality plan assurance and software, blah, blah, blah.
OK, then review cadence.
So you go to weekly, by weekly escalation path.
and the book operation is over 10, 24 hours.
Okay, and then it scroll down.
What is this one?
Change control process.
- Okay, so the thing is partially there
for the like editor that we discussed yesterday.
- The what?
- The grammar corrector thing.
- See, I can't see it, clave's name is wrong.
But it's corrector name.
(laughs)
- I can't clave my name.
- I didn't understand my name.
(laughs)
- My name, it's supposed to be--
- Yeah, good job.
that's how biased these language modules are yeah they are they're very annoying then they
need to go to native countries and actually understand these are correct too all right
p-table standards so after 20s as well okay so now it says next design planning but that design
planning needs to be grayed out so Chingu please take this action for every single section that
has more than one tab that you need to get to the next must be grayed out and if you try to click
on it, you should tell them to finish the flow within that section. It's very important because
what happens now is we will be adjusting the quality management plan. If they click
next, like if they go all the way down and they might not know that they need to go to other
times, they really might not know. So they might click next and they'll skip everything else here.
Does that make sense? Yes. So this needs to be grayed out until the, so have an internal code
sensitivity that understand that they have to go through internally. So I don't know if you want
to put, I don't want to add work so if this is a lot of work don't do it. I don't know, I feel like
you need to put like a next within the section button at the bottom. Like if that's not possible
please don't do it. If that takes work because I think we need to focus on the bigger things then.
But this next planning for sure needs to be cleared out and if you try to click on it say
please finish this section. So that way they can click next next hour, it's identified that
they have gone through all of them. They can then be able to go to the next room. All right,
so I'm glad they can go through the rest because I think the key thing that I'm looking at for
quality quality is very important. So we also have to have that cost for quality, so if there's any
additional stuff like cost to bring in a quality test out or review especially if that rule wasn't
identified, that will need to be estimated from a cost perspective. So I'm looking for the cost
aspect of this one. So I'm looking for the scheduling aspect of this. So you
have typed in that you want them to review something weekly, biweekly and stuff like that.
You type it and then that's it. That needs to be put in somewhere. So it needs to be shown somewhere here
and it needs to tie to the schedule. For that work, let's say if we are checking the quality for code.
I mean, they go by school in like that week,
there's a prompt like quality check.
So there has to be a quality check prompt.
So it is not just typing something and that's it.
It has to be actually.
So I guess why I'm saying this is I do want you to think
about the way to make sure that when you put in information
on what's going to happen,
that it is traceable within the program without AI.
So it's tied to like the code is linked to something else
and it's linked to what it means in the title.
'Cause when you're in a position and you start working,
has to be those checks and quality has to have okay with one quality check for this code no check
that's okay you have three codes two errors that error needs to be tracked stuff like that so
that is the key thing that that's the key comment i'm going to have for quality what i'm seeing now
is a lot of typing and stuff which is not bad but it has to be trackable so i see the quality tracking
so the did the stuff you type show up here anywhere i see weekly i see daily so is that
did you have to come back and type this in again here?
- So I had to put this quantity with the controls.
- So did you type in this right here again?
- Yes, yes.
- All right, so what I would say is,
obviously the one that did this work,
and great job going through the process,
do you understand the point I just made around
the first thing that you had typed
in the quantity management plan,
and now you're coming back here
and having to type in again and put your person?
Do you understand the amount of time it took you?
- Yeah.
So what I needed to do is, and maybe you can then
give Jungo that direction is, maybe this table needs
to be in that plan section, right?
So that way you're not doing it twice, right?
So the controls can just be, it just shows this again here.
So just a duplication, which is okay, right?
Like, oh, this is what we said in the plan.
Like, in the top of the plan, you can write
whatever it is you want to write,
but you want to make sure that when you put in that,
we are going to check this every week.
That is somewhere because this table then has to be tied
something from you. This must tie back to the schedule, to something, to the quality tracking
and make sure that it's being tracked. But another thing that happens with people is you say you are
going to do something, you write it down, you write all these shiny things and you don't do it because
it just sits on with a drain of dust. It has to stay continuous throughout the quality. So once
you leave this planning and you're going to a petition that is actually being tracked, if it's
tracking the quality section but there has to be some alerts. So whoever is just going to look for
quality from the RACI will get this or the product manager will get it or the team will get it in
the teams to-do list. This has to show up somewhere you cannot just die here. We have some their matrix
dashboard. Okay so the budget dashboard kind of shows you where things are going but what I'm talking about
is actually that warning and that's that stuff of like okay it's time to do this. So we say weekly
This week we need to get this quality stock done.
All right, so now the keeping and then the cost estimate associated with it is another thing
that I think, sorry hold on guys, one second please, this is really not a very good company,
one second. I think for me the biggest thing for the court that I think I've mentioned then
is traceable and trackable so you have to be able to nature that there are prompts to actually get
it done once it's put in there so it has to have the cost aspect of it almost similar to this year
if you're having a section that just asks, is there anything here that requires you know
additional payments or whatever it is outside of was already in the project so you have to
pay out like Bethesda or specific quality inspector or whatever it is that is already in
the rules and responsibilities because we really find the rules unless we are specific so there's
any additional rule that needs to be required shown here so the quality I see that so that's
should show all the quality items, the quality actions, and stuff like that. So the quality change law.
What do you mean by quality change law? So the registrar, so there should be only one change law for the project.
Quality law is very special, like the quality items, so there shouldn't be any changes, right?
So I think you really approve something.
You're still in planning, you already have proven for the feeling change
But you're bad for that manager, I'm sure
I would love to see a situation where I...
I said planning and you already do dream planning
Then you can't do it, but it's what you're doing
We're taking functionality
You're bad for that manager
You've got proof change, just like that
Okay, initial entry, design
So yes, I don't think there should be a...
The product is gonna have one full change log
If it's a quality item, then the discipline
removing quality in that change log. So I want to mention that that part is clear. But the quality
will have this register. So you have like all the items of the chart and you know what the results
were, if they pass and they did not pass the performance and what they're doing to fix it.
So can I see the register itself? So the change log I don't think we need. I think we just we should
we will have this one project change log and if it's a quality item it will say quality in there
and we will know that it's for quality but you know this quality change change log here can
just be quality change items if it's going to be a lot of work to remove it and you should only
pull the quality items from the actual change log so you wouldn't be a whole different change
log it will be the same or maybe just the quality items any item that has to do with quality so
that could be another way to go if you can't tie this one to that one you can just delete it i don't
I don't want to create extra work.
So you got all my comments on quality though, right?
Because I didn't quite look
at all the different tabs and stuff.
So I'm not as worried about all those tabs,
but the functionality that I mentioned have to be reflected.
So to me, quality is not done.
Does that make sense?
Did you guys hear me?
- Yes. - Okay.
So I just want to make sure that we aligned on that.
So quality and share definitely need to be updated.
So it said design planning in the next,
but this is another one that skip something.
So private, I know you have made a note,
Please make a note that the next for everything should really be the next.
It can't keep in section.
So, um, there is a, you know, current those buttons.
This is kind of talking about the tech stack and stuff like that.
Yes. Um, so name SQL database code status.
So can you school or what is this technology inventory?
So I think like for like an idea project, I think we need to like, so
is this a tech stack? So technology inventory yes so like the tech stack that should be using
all right okay vendor cost oh yeah and the tech cost tool needs to be tied to it needs to be
reflected on the cost estimate as well so um so i see here that you have cost 115 um is this
a one-time cost is this a recurring cost the recurring monthly cost okay so it doesn't show
anywhere here that is not me and for the cost estimate it needs to show the total cost. So I
think combining to add something around total cost so um I think that's something that that needs
to be thought about on how to measure that you refer to total the actual total cost and I know
we have the share and quality slides we might need to add tech there as well so that way we
are grabbing everything. The integrations are critical to the project and the associated costs
And the experiment decorations, and the technology definitions, AI recommendations.
So this AI recommendation is what? AI is recommended?
Not really. So it's just the recommendations or probably the AI that you can use or something.
Okay, did you add this or was it here already?
No, I added it myself.
Okay, so I guess for me one thing I was saying is we need a total all these costs are all standard loan
So we need a total cost. So that's right there
Okay
And then the annual cost is in 240 pay per year
But that's not the case, but we know what is really 150 per month. So the total cost is wrong
I mean we have like it's made 25 40 is really like 65 dollars and that's probably monthly or whatever it is
So this needs to be updated to actually make it quite feasible, like, it has to make sense.
So putting all those costs, if you have the total cost, then the total cost that you show up as a
drawing item in the cost estimate. So that way you're not linking all of this. So if the total is
going to take the total of everything, and that total that should go to the cost estimate,
they don't need to come and link to all of these ones. So we'll make sure the total cost makes sense,
which means if it's monthly cost then have it total for the duration of the project
if the project is supposed to be six months or whatever it is and that way you have the total
in each of the tables and then have sub total for each section and then the total for everything
so I think that'd be a good way to approach this but this 270 is obviously wrong if you're
playing 150 a month because it would be as mutual on that one so Kevin you didn't pick up that this
totally just off okay so um jumbo did you hear that yes okay so see he said next i charge delivery
model but design planning so it is keeping stuff so there's something new so this is design
planning and i guess technology was fully thought of design this is what happened so i think
originally design was in front of technology so that wasn't changed so i understand what's going
on now because it says next technology planning so do you need to swap this next and make sure
that it says them right thing. So I've completed all of them, so this is a little bit longer,
what is this? So design, base summary, objectives, success criteria,
same scope, part of scope, design overview, responsibilities, execution strategies.
I guess my first comment here is, so the design planning, so once you came into design planning,
can you go up please, up not down, it is up, it doesn't fit, all right so does that
what will you document basis for where it was outcomes and how it is executed on a very
good cultural expression, okay and then we scroll down and it shows, sorry can you go back I want
to see what the pattern of this one is, that's what you do it is okay so chungu, private manager,
private, private lead and nobody else, okay so where did this information come from, did this
this one from you? Yes. Did it type in this information? Okay. All right. So you type
those in and then design execution strategy. So you type that in as home. Yes. All right.
And then vendor contract input. So you use chat DPT or one of those for this. Yes. Local
So the table should be the default, so can I say the table should be default, so can
I say the table should be default.
So the table should be the default, so can I see the table?
View table.
Alright so this should be the default and it should be expandable.
This specification where did it come from?
The what?
So here I added some things then also the requirements yes that we'll put it so it had
an aspect where you can link the actual requirement so you select that is applicable.
Can you exit out of this zoomed in box, can you go back, can you leave this whole page.
To this side panel.
This is not very user friendly.
So are we still in the product overview?
So it's in design planning.
Are we still in the product overview part of design planning?
Yes, so this is the product overview.
Okay.
Yes, in design overview.
it's just going down so as you go down you can either choose if I place design specification
then it will become some design specification it's like kissing
so you can make the design specification smaller
it's not 2016
yeah so this the design specifications
the way you went and clicked and selected how did you do that selected the requirement
yes okay so here like attached requirements you just press and then it will bring the risk
to all the requirements and then you choose i'm sorry where did you click on so attached
requirements so once selected okay can you show me one without the one selected i want to know
how you get it but it's not very intuitive so there'll be to say none attached requirements
All right, but the specifications, where did they come from?
This information? I typed it.
So you typed in requirement REQ?
Yes, mobile manager for configuration.
So you typed in all of that?
Yes.
So how did you choose to type requirement? Hold on, REQ 001, what did you get of it?
So I was working with an AI model too, so that understands the scope of the project I'm working
on social work. So right now you are in design certification but the thing is still saying
design over here. Yeah that's what they were strongly ordering. As you keep going down it
just stays on the same design over here. So these were implemented initially it was just like a one
home one who paid to go design planning and then now they had to implement the side pass the sub.
they had it on tap but it was so many times as well it was like two rules so what is this one now
okay um clav it please let's just stop scrolling down but let's take a project overview on on on
design planning now so this is a project overview and that's where you put in the details and the
you go down and this can be made bigger right this is the biggest thing okay and then go down
next to before it gets to design overview, all right, keep going. So it tells you the next
step section, good. Now, can you click on the left for design overview? Can you click on the left
as far as it brings you to design overview, it reduces project overview. Okay, this is making
sense now. So can I see the design overview? So this is where you put in. Okay, so I don't know
what's project. All right, keep going, going. So can you click on design specifications? So in design
specification there has to be the option to import specifications if there is a need.
We talked about specifications have to include any code, specs, requirements, all of those have
to fit in here. So I'm not sure how you are mapping things to these specifications because
that's where the requirements mapping happens, right? Hello, hi, um I'm still in the process,
and so I'll actually code within 10 or so minutes. Okay, all right, so the specs are
We have the codes, standards, so can we go back to specifications?
>> I want to give you something.
>> The specifications are looking like this.
>> They're not in there, okay.
>> Okay, so that is where I'm going to give you.
So your specifications should be specifications for the project.
So is there any internal company documents or like this is how this works on?
Is there any codes?
So the addition, please prepare, set, move, and document representation.
(indistinct)
- Yeah, so that description is also wrong.
Can you go, is it the beginning of,
please can you go to the beginning of specifications?
I want to see the (indistinct)
front the configuration rules
and supporting document
that we designed for the specification workspace.
This is (indistinct)
The specifications and Alex should have this.
I know you work on this.
The specifications should look at internal
and external and regulatory specifications, codes and requirements.
We already have requirements, this is different for the project.
The code to be made by the project needs to be in this specification.
So it's supposed to be, there shouldn't be any linkage at this point.
The requirement mapping is when they can mark the specs to the linkage.
I don't want them to leave where they came here to do and start doing something else.
So the key thing here is to,
first of all, the direction should be to remiss it
and identify all specifications, code,
that is, and I gave some words around that.
So you guys should please look at my comments around this
or check the documents.
Ask Alek, 'cause like code and specs,
and there's something, not the word requirements,
'cause I don't wanna confuse that with the requirements,
'cause we already have the project requirements.
code and specifications or any rules that has to be met. It could be internal, like by the company, it could be
settled, it could be by military policies or by the government. They say, oh, every single output on here
must have a three inch beam. So, those are the specifications and codes that has to be met.
So, they should also be able to enforce that. There might be a lot of space in there or you might just be three
So I think that is what this design specification is supposed to be.
So I guess the next one is the deviation.
So the deviation specification, that is where this is supposed to happen.
Like say if they're like, "Oh, we can't meet."
And again, not really the requirement.
I think this will come as what you type in.
But more like code or specs.
Okay, we can't meet this spec because there is no tutoring agreement anymore, there is room on the market, the tariffs have made them, are making them three months.
The company has approved that deviation, okay?
And then the requirements mapping is now where you are supposed to look at the spec.
So I took all the requirements and applied any specifications or code that are applicable to those requirements.
So making sure that everything is tied into data.
So if the requirement here for you was mobile money, check out integration, make sure that
the software is functional, what code do you need that is applicable to these requirements?
It's very cool by the government that is saying that every check out was returned with the
first name, last name and the national ID number that you want to put up code in there.
So when they are designing, they have to include those in the card.
So you can try using what I've sent.
I have to use a script to actually just like,
check everything and just do like brand new ones.
So I'll just run it with a script.
- So did that make sense?
- Okay, so what's with that you created this--
- So why are you doing this?
Because I know I've done this--
- Yes.
And the same thing in which I've shared this one.
- Yes, I've done this one in the design.
- Okay.
- Okay, all right.
- Okay.
- Like that specification area,
we need to remove the mapping from that.
If you have the specs and if you have a table view,
are the default view. You should also have the ability to import the table so they can
have a template where they export and then they can import the table. The table should have like
the spec, the source of the spec, the link to it, either the link to it or whatever it is
and stuff like that. So that detail should be somewhere or in the two places for the specs.
The requirements mapping is then that is where the functionality of looking and
looking at the requirements and selecting all the tools that apply to the requirements.
Moving requirements. All right, so architecture bases.
Okay. So I'm not understanding this architecture bases. This screen is very small.
So this should be four-part table. It's a lot of like, it's, it's, it's enough for me to book it.
just isn't. I think you need to, like from a UI perspective or user interface, being able to see
it fully would be helpful. So I really do not understand the architecture business, right? So
I'm not really sure what that's accomplishing. This is not the architecture, I wasn't sure I was
understanding that whole model, model 2, model 3. So are those supposed to be the books, the epics,
I thought we were going to have like a whiteboard, where are the whiteboard shops?
I'll try to have this in the whiteboard, where you can kind of sketch something out on there.
These are the points where we are going to design.
I mean, that isn't the design phase.
Design phase, yes.
Okay.
Alright, no problem.
So I can tell you the idea part of the style, to be honest.
So that's something that I don't know what, so much more than one board, two board, three board, I don't know.
I was typing this so it's more like design this is like what are the actual design that you want to
that you want to show you plan to do where we had some maybe like some fig malign for stuff
That it's
Let's keep the rest of this web coming, and let's see what else is doing because I don't want to get to at least the state of mind.
So, we are in design planning.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, um, so...
Yeah, same state as disabled. How do I know it? Because I'm logged in, I'm logged in my account.
Okay.
- I mean, verification, verification called descent,
can only send tested emails to your own address.
So I'm not doing the account.
- For the bridge?
- What I'm getting is stable.
- Let me try to see what you're experiencing,
because all those errors are not familiar to me.
- I'm using user management against me,
my account, admin, role, last login, never,
Oh and so it's showing that oh it's showing the fact that your account is
actually the disabled in there been panel disabled disabled disabled
Let me check in if there's anything in the fibers.
Just one.
It's there.
I just see it.
I didn't see that.
So I think it needs to be a bit more...
I don't know how it can look like that.
But that's something to think about.
If you have a...
Is it the one that's called Drums?
Yes.
So what did you ask here?
'Cause here...
Drums money.
Oh.
I was only...
Drums money.
Drums money.
I thought it's the one that's called Drums.
Drums?
Kind of like...
Like for the...
For the email address.
So the main promise of having a design component is to have the design like having like work
packages for food, for this range, okay this is what we need for this work package and
it's going to also tie to the requirements marking to the specifications so the promise
of the design planning section is to highlight the quality core design components in terms
so these are things that we must meet to design to and then these are the requirements that we must meet
as we design so this is the project needs us to I think this your app has to have you have access
to it here here here and these are the requirements by the state or the government by the phone people
and by our conference staff one they're saying that we must be able to do all this within this
Once you have the requirements, which came from the previous, and you have the codes and standards,
yeah, there was standards on the paper.
So the specification codes and standards, if you can write them down.
So, that's the minimum I'm trying to think about, and I can say requirements.
So the codes, standards and specifications, they come from anything that could be permitted,
they could be got mental, they could be regulatory, whatever it is.
Then when you come to the Design Work Package, it's supposed to take that lowest level of
the reviews, go to the next level, say from a design perspective.
This is the design associated with all of this type of, with this aspect of the school.
For the design for this aspect of the school, these are the standards and specifications
and code that apply to it, and these are the requirements tied to those standards,
but they really match the requirements.
So maybe if you if you put the requirements to this we will automatically show you all the standards and code for it.
Did what I said make sense?
Some extent, but mostly somebody can understand.
You can go again.
Don't tell me you can go again. Please tell me what you understood.
Because I'm not just going to repeat myself and let you go again.
I wasn't able to understand.
What did you understand?
Confused yet.
So I think because of the lack of connectivity I wasn't able to understand most of the aspects that we addressed now.
So that's why...
Oh, I was saying because of the lack of connectivity, I wasn't able to hear you for the most part, for the last 2 or so minutes.
- Hi. - I'm not sure if you can hear me.
- Okay, I'm sorry. - Sorry? I didn't hear you.
- I'm not sure I got the... - No, no, no. Why? No, no, no.
Like, in terms of for the user or for the admin?
- On the other one, it shows the Redis that uses, right? - Yeah.
so i can see there chunroo 2 4 2 3 gmail this one is active
okay so possibly what may have happened is that uh if you call we at some point doing a migration
i think that's a part of the whole confusion has come from is that some of them were just imported
records without having created the actual accounts yes because because they were in postgres and then
they had moved over other accounts without them having their accounts created yes yes and so it
So yes, it says the bridge up requires so the issue is that the bridge up has actually completely separate identity stores
Yes, and so the bridge up it was two to an extent
During items from the like postcards. Yeah, so like
Yes from the firebase, yes, yes, yes, it's like
There's a bit of some confliction because I think the bridge of migration is one that
was not thoroughly checked so you would find that it was too pulling from both of them
in the same DBs and so that was not the issue and so there is no shared user table and that
they sync between them and so the C# side never goes and also never provisions a Fabulous
user, it writes its own OQDB in the postgres and so an account created in the C# app does
not exist as far as the web bridge is concerned or vice versa. So like when you're sending to the
web bridge with a C# created account, so it's like the bridge up is the one, so like what we did was
that we had turned the like code base as far as, so like the first step of how we moved is we had
changed code from C# as far as the actual core part of the app. We changed that into React and then
the bridge up is the one that we also...
because it's going to be based on epics of features, so it doesn't matter how it's broken out,
it's still going to be those features for this project now.
There will necessarily be a bit of a bad question, but I don't want to make you understand.
So that's what happened.
Since I had for the bridge up, we just may not have fully done the full migration of the DB,
because I think, yeah, I think that's what the whole issue was, was just testing it out.
But yeah, I think it's actually almost there.
so so yes it will actually so what to do so like what did you do just now is that it
to send you a password reset email just now on on on firebase so that's the workaround
it will send to your email address on the same drums you know um if you have it okay yes it's
it's currently so that when you set the password it then syncs up with that
same record there okay all right then yes this was the same distribution of it
so so for the distribution the problem which I'm having is so like so like that
process, it's actually automated using code magic. And so I just need to rectify a few
things in terms of how that's been done. I think it's also on the code magic side because
that process cannot be done on my desktop. And so I send the code into code magic. It
updates what's supposed to be there. And so if it's not updated, it's just about how it's
working there. There is some malfunction. It's like maybe how it had on the repo was
just the C# version. So that's something which I'm trying to rectify. So when we push, it
does updates everything in real time on the version. Can we schedule food for
tomorrow? Yes, yes, yes. What time for tomorrow? Okay, okay, okay, yeah, yeah, I can try to make
Okay. Okay. Okay. That can work. Okay. Thanks.
Who's supposed to be them? You know? It's gonna stretch doors.
I was just finishing up on some work.
Matt. You're lonely.
No other word can take me that long.
Yeah, she was using her phone when she saw it.
It's gonna be epic speech of her story, so it's gonna be pissed off.
for the wifi and so don't just don't actually take it because like this is not the
the fun
so the design is part of the iteration anyways
you don't finish this design and then do something design is part of the work
it's part of development
it's part of the development
I mean I don't know when we talk about design here
it's just going to home
but no like when I'm talking design I'm talking engineering so
you will be more development so it will be like to go on outlet
and in this when we talk about work package
you will be like the actual code is not just designing the front and and then somebody else
then like it's it's not just ui ux ui that's why there's a ux ui section here that talks about
okay what are we doing for the ui ux and all that that's a bit different that design but it's when
i talk design work back it has that is more engineering work and development as well so
that's kind of how it ties in so if so if anything is if there's anything we need to highlight here
it's going to be the specification code and standards needs to absolutely be shown here
mapping those specification codes and standards to the requirements needs to absolutely happen here
and then the work packages needs to be played, it doesn't quite reflect from the work package
you still have to do the epics like what what design because when you're mapping at that
earlier stage on mapping the requirements to the second level of the one point down structure.
If you remember the top process was if it's agile it would just be mapped to whatever ethics is
applicable to. So here for the design work packet you remove mapping like the work packet would be
more mapping to the making sure that the rights requirements are still because if they've already
been identified or it will still be the same thing I still have talked to the right epics and we're
not missing anything so because I'm going to factor so they still have to do that view to confirm
that that second level is still the current year so I do agree with you that this is very long so
we do need to have that option to look at some of this like if you're applicable to the project
so I feel like for Agile projects some of this might not be applicable but when you put in that
information or putting the manager name and all of that. I don't think, I think those are added work.
So I think, because can you try the export video? Export video is at the top left. Yeah,
I don't know if you're going to look at this one yet, but let's find out. Okay. All right. So,
because the key thing here is, I don't think we need to put in some of those information around
because the position and stuff is already in the rules and responsibilities. I think those can be,
so we can hide those features. I think the key thing here for design, because anything we put in
here we have mentioned it will be usable on the site that we're not putting because I saw you put
some rows there. I'm not sure if they have the same rows on the on the rows. So the whole site,
like after the rows and rows and everything has been approved and that's another thing we have
mentioned that has approved. So once it's approved it will be applicable to the project.
If the exchange of the new team member is added that has access to the site,
they should be given a chance to update the rules of the racing.
So the race is specifically not the rules of the race itself,
so that the right person can also approve the right things.
So I don't want us to have, like, I know you have put in some rules and taxes,
so a great job with that.
I think you need some good diligence there.
But I feel like if you really have that rule,
if you want to know who is the design manager or whoever, you can check it out.
and having that summary is okay but it shouldn't be too long. Can you go back up because I think
we just have 10 more minutes but this is very important. So I know you had like the overview,
projectable view, so the top letters here were just to like give a general object of the project
or just in case like you're just a designer and they came here and they wanted to see the project.
So this should automatically just take, so you say you type this out right? Yes. So I think this
should be an auto fuel from the project overview from the project from the planning phase of
project details or whatever, whether a project objective or whatever. You should auto fuel it
here so you don't have to fuel anything. Now if you need to edit it, you should auto fuel that.
Now can we go to the next one? So the objectives should just be auto fuel to have that information
they shouldn't have to have to have to put anything. Success criteria, so this is just
So you type all of this in again, right?
Yes.
Yeah, so I think we need to take away the success criteria, the in scope and the out of scope.
You can always go back and look at that in the distance.
So we can take all of those out.
Now if you go down, because it's just additional work that is not required, really.
And then the... I'm still waiting for you to put in.
And then for the design overview, so this part is important because then you can click on it,
You can click on it, but I know you have to put, like, role on your lead, your manager.
I mean, it doesn't matter if you do that.
You just put in those lead, QA, tester.
I don't think that we need to put in those roles, but, like, it could show who the --
you can also show who the design leader or engineering leader, manager, is on there,
so they know who it is.
So you can also set out the role for that.
If there's no role that they're putting there,
In the race, how that's going to tie to this part.
So this could be optional.
If you're going to name the APVH,
then we know that that is not really applicable.
And so we don't have to make that,
but it has to be approved.
If it's not approved,
it still stays as a required school standard
for specification.
Then the mapping is really where we want them
to spend a lot of their time.
So to map the design specification to the requirements.
Okay?
So now can you scroll down?
To scroll down, like all these other ones,
I feel like after the mapping, I think we need to do that design work package aspect of it.
And I'm just thinking about either another name I want to give that because it is a design work package.
Most people in waterfall will understand that.
Those in aria are not fully.
But we still need the ideal put-in-foot workbook.
We just use all the requirements and the codes are associated with them,
and the code standard and specifications are associated with them.
somebody wanted to print that out, they can see it and say okay this is all the code they need
to make so I can't get this wrong and they kind of map into that and that's kind of where
architecture forest items go. And after so I think that work bucket has to come up and then
some of these ones I think we need to make optional like in terms of like they actually
choose to do it so they'll be grayed out and they will choose to do it. We tell them to check
if they can achieve it that they can go to them so they can skip it or they can choose to do it.
the dependencies i think is important so that should not be up there and then the risks should not
be up there as well but the rest could be optional and they can choose to up there and get return
so that's what i would say for now for this but as the key thing that we want them to do here is
to have the specification for the standards to map all the sufficient thing the standards to the
And to have the design work further this way, if we break it down to the next level of the
VVS, to the third level, for a lot of fall or for others to remain at a different level
but have the right, ensure that all the code standards and all of that is reflected within
each of those requirements, those efforts, and it's clear.
So somebody wanted to click on it and say, "What is all the codes and panels for this?"
We can see it all on the table and see if I'm designing.
If I'm coding these words, these are the rules that have to be explored.
Some kind of architecture will go around kind of architecture when you're telling the planet about it.
But I know the right data so they might still have the architecture so that they have like the feedbacks to be able to show that they are interested in it.
I think that is going to help move through the design planning section faster.
It's pulling all of that work of it all and making the first few things auto-fueled.
from the south at the food level and the only thing they have to think about first is the
design application.
We need the in-house and so we need to put a prompt and say outline how design will be
managed for this project, in-house or whatever it is.
A lot can be learnt there.
Oh you say design, people keep thinking just design, how design I guess.
I think about it's a bit mobile for now.
that is just a denominator if we have to change the name better we can do that easily but it
really is design planning but i have to go three i do have a back end and i haven't taken a break
today so god help me um i am still i think that i wish i can lie down okay so that so that's where
we are today i guess we will continue from here i will have to check my schedule for the rest of
the week. I do have, I'll be physically, I might be able to, I might not be able to look into the
screen like to actively like look at these sections tomorrow for a demo but let's still plan to meet
and we can talk about progress what has been changed and if you guys have any questions
but I won't be able to like, I won't be at my desk, I'll probably be driving or
I won't be able to give this a week's break.
Friday, I have to, I will confirm what time I'm available on Friday.
I'm actually gonna get a conference.
So I'll contain my availability for Friday.
I think you'll be able to do them all at least for an hour on Friday.
But I will confirm that tomorrow.
So before I get, I agree to them, I'll be five minutes late to the next meeting.
Right now, we are doing day to day schedule because 8 AM doesn't work for
you guys.
And let me see what I'm waiting for.
So tomorrow is Thursday.
So Thursday, so actually 11 a.m. works for me, tomorrow. Does that work for you guys?
It's not too late. It's supposed to work out.
11 a.m. Okay, so 11 a.m. So that's just more like a statistics update, right?
Yeah, it will mostly be around Thursday and any update that you guys have done to decide they want to talk about, yes.
yes it wouldn't be a demo demo because i'm not going to be doing my stress i will not be able to
look through and kind of talk through that okay okay i think okay i think we can try to make it
work tomorrow so i will move this to tomorrow for an hour and then i'll definitely let you guys know
when what i've worked for me on friday um i have to look at my um the conference schedule see what
and I can actually be by my laptop. So tomorrow we'll stay there when I'm ready for this and
I'm gonna forget. All right so I have changed tomorrow to 11 a.m. and Friday I will discuss
the time that I work for. Guys, I'll say I am impressed with how we are moving forward this week.
I hope it continues so we can really have something in line today. Thank you. Bye. Thank
Thank you.
All right, bye.
Bye.
Bye.
